docs: enhance README with comprehensive service documentation (#26)
adobe-rnd/helix-mixer: README.md

# helix-mixer

> A Cloudflare Worker service that acts as a smart reverse proxy for Adobe Helix sites, routing requests to different backends based on configurable URL patterns.

Author: ```suggestion
A Cloudflare Worker service that acts as a smart reverse proxy for Edge Delivery Services in Adobe Experience Manager Sites as a Cloud Service with document-based authoring sites, routing requests to different backends based on configurable URL patterns.
```

## Overview

helix-mixer is part of the Adobe Helix ecosystem, providing dynamic content routing and backend mixing capabilities. It fetches configuration from AEM Live sites and routes incoming requests to appropriate backend services based on URL path patterns.

## How it Works

1. **Request Processing**: Incoming requests are analyzed to extract organization, site, and reference information from the subdomain
2. **Configuration Fetching**: Service retrieves routing configuration from `https://{ref}--{site}--{org}.aem.live/config.json`
3. **Pattern Matching**: URL paths are matched against configured glob patterns to determine the target backend
4. **Request Proxying**: Requests are forwarded to the matched backend with optional path transformations

## Endpoints

All requests are proxied based on the configured patterns. The service itself doesn't expose specific API endpoints but rather acts as a transparent proxy.

### URL Structure
```

> https://{ref}--{site}--{org}.helix-mixer.workers.dev/{path}

Author: ```suggestion
https://{ref}--{site}--{org}.aem.network/{path}
```

```

Where:
- `{ref}`: Branch/reference (e.g., `main`, `preview`)
- `{site}`: Site identifier 
- `{org}`: Organization identifier
- `{path}`: Request path to be routed

## Configuration Format

Configuration is fetched from `https://{ref}--{site}--{org}.aem.live/config.json` and should be structured as follows:

```json
{
  "public": {
    "mixerConfig": {
      "patterns": {
        "/api/**": "api-backend",
        "/assets/**": "cdn-backend", 
        "/blog/*": "cms-backend",
        "default": "main-backend"
      },
      "backends": {
        "api-backend": {
          "origin": "api.example.com",
          "protocol": "https",
          "path": "/v1"
        },
        "cdn-backend": {
          "origin": "cdn.example.com"
        },
        "cms-backend": {
          "origin": "cms.example.com/content"
        },
        "main-backend": {
          "origin": "main--site--org.aem.live"
        }
      }
    }
  }

> }

Author: This should be a more realistic example with an e-commerce platform (with graphql-based endpoints) as one backend, a legacy blog, drop the assets/cdn example as this is confusing.
